The values of the TFR surface above the time-frequency plane give an indication as to
which spectral components are present at which times.
Time Frequency Representations TFRs have been applied to analyze, modify and synthesize non-stationary or time-varying signals. 
TFRs have also been used for efficient coding of signals (e.g., subband coding) 
and as a statistic for signal detection and parameter estimation.

Time-scale representations are characterized by a variable resolution in the time-frequency domain,
where the frequency is the inverse of the scale unit. Two time-scale transform have been
considered: - scalogram...


By definition, the wavelet transform is more a time-scale than a time-frequency representation.

However, for wavelets which are well localized around a non-zero frequency 𝜈𝜈0 at a scale = 1 , a time-frequency
interpretation is possible thanks to the formal identification 𝜈 = 𝜈0/a


There are different categories of wavelets, orthogonal wavelets, non-orthogonal,
and biorthogonal wavelets. 
The Daubechies family, Symmlet, Coiflet, and Meyer wavelets are examples of orthogonal wavelets,
while the Morlet wavelet is an example of a non-orthogonal wavelet.
As mentioned earlier, not all applications of signal expansions require perfect reconstruction.
Applications such as signal identification and classification are examples of this type.
Therefore, unless the orthogonality is required to meet another criteria, we can exploit non-orthogonal wavelet transforms.




the wavelet coefficients combine information about both the signal and the wavelet.

Edge detection is an important problem in
numerous applications ranging from image processing to
transient detection, and wavelet transforms have been used
exqensively for detecting discontinuities in a given signal or
its derivatives. Recall that wavelets may be used to detect
discontinuities in a signal or its derivatives, if the chosen
wavelet function is able to represent the highest order
derivative present in the signal function, as any wavelet
with, at least p vanishing moments, can be used to detect a
discontinuity in the @- 1)“ derivative [7]. For our problem,
we are interested in identifying pulse edges, i.e., a signal
discontinuity, ‘and the Idax wavelet is sufficient for the task. 