The concept of the Wigner distribution could be consider as
Fourier transform of instantaneous autocorrelation function [1]: 

the Fourier transform of this windowed signal is calculated to obtain the
energy distribution along the frequency direction at the time
corresponding to the centre of the window. 

This inherent relationship between time and frequency resolution becomes
more important when one is dealing with signals whose
frequency content is changing rapidly. 

However, in many applications this may be difficult, or even impossible(to have fixed windows (STFT)), especially
when the characteristics of the signal change rapidly as a function of time.
In such cases, it is necessary to find an appropriate time dependent window. A simple way
to achieve this is to use the signal itself as the window and consider the transform
S(t, ω) = ∞ −∞ s(τ)s∗(t − τ) exp(−iωτ)dτ

Wigner-Ville transform
is that it is the Fourier transform of the signal after it has been windowed with the reverse of itself.
The transform provides a time-frequency distribution that, in general, yields excellent time and
frequency resolution together with other valuable properties. However, it also yields
some undesirable outputs such as aliasing and cross-term interference.

For signals with spectral content that changes over time, 
the quadratic time-frequency analysis methods compute the energy of a signal as a function of time and frequency,
resulting in a quadratic time-frequency representation of the signal. 
the time-frequency representation is called a distribution or a spectrogram.
Because a quadratic time-frequency representation approximately describes the energy density of a signal in the time-frequency domain,

The high resolutions in
time and frequency domains are hardly obtained simultaneously for the STFT and the WT analysis
methods. 
The WVD method is more effective in the single-component LFM signal analysis
due to its excellent energy localization and noninterfering time and frequency resolution.
However, a cross-term appears in the multi-component LFM signal analysis [5].
The pseudo WVD method and the smooth pseudo WVD method have been presented to reduce the interference terms
through the kernel function or the window function at the expense of resolution degradation



The FH signals can be seen as multiple frequency-shift keying (MFSK) signals whose carrier frequency changes regularly because its carrier frequency controlled by the pseudo-noise (PN) code hops continuously and randomly

The time-frequency analysis based on the combination of time domain analysis and frequency domain analysis
is an efficient way to analyze the FH signal as it can get the time-frequency distribution to describe the joint time-frequency characteristics of the signal.

Wigner-Ville est l'outil central des analyses temps-fréquence bilinéaires

WVD (Weigner- Ville distribution ) is a great tool that provides excellent localisation in time and frequency , unlike short time Fourier transform, which can provide localisation in either time or frequency , not both simultaneously.

Because of its many theoretical properties [16], the Wigner–Ville distribution
(WVD) could be thought of as the most appropriate tool. Nevertheless, the
overall readability is hampered by cross-components interference phenomena

However, if you have signals with several frequency components,the WVD suffers from the so called cross terms. 
These cross terms can be (partly) supressed by extending the WVD - this results in the so called smoothed pseudo WVD (SPWVD).
Hence, for most pracitcal applications you would (and should) use the SPWVD.
There are good papers from Boualem Boashash and a nice book from Leon Cohen (Time frequency analysis) which cover this topic.

By definition, theWVD does present the advantage of depending only on the signal.
Its role is central in TF analysis and it possesses a number of theoretical properties
[12, 16] among which one can mention its ability to be PERFECTLY LOCALIZED in the case
of linear FM signals. These appealing features have, however, to be paid at some
price because, for example, a WVD cannot be positive everywhere, thus forbidding a
local density interpretation. Furthermore, in accordance with the elementary identity
(a+b)2 = a2 +b2 + 2ab, the fully quadratic nature of the WVD is known to create
spurious cross terms, characterized by oscillating contributions located midway in
between any two interacting components

There is a compromise between Localization and interference

Wiegner Ville Distribution :

It's a Time-Frequency Distribution that describes non-stationnary signals by displaying the energy density over time and frequency simultaneously 